Ideas for Asterix improvements

Other propagation methods :
    -   FALCO trick

Other coronagraphs (Vortex, apodisers)
Other estimation algorithms (SCC)


Discussion with Olivier HS on March 16th to define
needs and plan of attack for correction and estimation. 
It was decided: 

Estimator is a class which takes as parameter:
- the testbed structure
- the estimation parameters

It must contains 2 functions at least: 
- an initialization (e.g. PW matrix) Estimator.__init__()
The initialization will probaby require previous initialization of
the testbed

- an estimatation function itself with parameters
        - the entrance EF
        - DM voltage
        - the WL
Estimation = Estimator.estimate(entrance EF, DM voltage, WL)

It returns the estimation as a 2D array. In all generality, it can be pupil or focal plane,
complex or real with keywords (Estim.is_focal_plane = True, Estim.is_complex = True, Estim.whatWL) 
to explain the form of the output and potentially prevent wronfull combination of
estim + correc.


Corrector is a class which takes as parameter:
- the testbed structure
- the correction parameters

It must contains 2 functions at least: 
- an initialization (e.g. Jacobian matrix) Estimator.__init__
The initialization will probaby require previous initialization of
the testbed and of the estimator

- an correction function itself with parameters
        - the estimation as a 2D array, potentially 3D for polychromatic correction
DMVoltage = Corrector.toDM_voltage(estimation)
It returns the DM Voltage. In all generality, it can one or 2 DMs. Depending on the testbed


Remaining important problems 
- gradiant for Coffee, which heavily depends on the model but needs
to be automtically updated when the model is changed. 
probaby done in COFFEE estimator initialization. but to be re-discussed later

- matrix recalculation should be done in correction class ? 

Maybe the correction loop can be another function of Corrector that use Corrector.toDM_voltages.
Something like  Corrector.Correction_loop(Initial_EF_field). This function can allow to 
define separatly the problematic of gains, matrix recalculation, etc. 

Correction with repeated Jacobian

polychromatic correction: inside of the correction
polychromatic estimation: inside of the estimation function and can send, single WL, multiple WL or large bandwidth 
                                estimate with keyword to explain.

